Design Problem

Problem statement
Machine Learning has the potential to support the development of innovative solutions for improved real-life and real-time healthcare delivery. For this coursework, your aim is to investigate the problem of detection of DR using machine learning. In doing so, you would be expected to perform the following tasks:

	Investigate the Diabetic Retinopathy Debrecen Dataset, and develop basic understanding of the significance and meaning of data attributes and features
	
	Develop pre-processing and/or feature extraction techniques (if needed)
	
	Develop and Implement (using Python or Matlab) a machine learning system that can be implemented to demonstrate your ideas 
	
	Demonstrate the feasibility of your design by evaluating your system using machine learning metrics
	
	Discuss your findings making recommendations for further investigation and improved implementation.
	
	Write a 1000 words report to present your work and findings.



Report structure
Your report (about 1000 words) should contain the information listed below. 

	Cover Page: Title, author, affiliation of the author, date, and abstract 

	Introduction: A rough overview of the diabetic care challenge you are tackling and its importance, frequently formulated to attract the reader's interest to the report. 

	Background: Here you are required to have an overview about Diabetic care and AI technologies. Then, you can describe relevant approaches and systems, or you can introduce basic concepts that are necessary for understanding the later material. 

	Methodology and Data: This section contains an explanation, demonstration, description of the system architecture, or some interesting implementation techniques. Discussion of some targeted methods for solving the Diabetic care problem will be mostly encouraged. Description of the knowledge representation (datasets used and data processing issues) are discussed in this part. The development of the AI system is discussed in this part as well

	Analysis and Discussions: You need to present your findings and discuss, analyse, evaluate and/or criticise what you implemented and described in the previous part. 

	Conclusions and suggestions for future work: the major findings from doing this coursework will presented in this section. You can comment on the lessons learnt from doing this coursework, advantages/limitations of your AI, resources needed to implement the full system, what would you differently if you had more time, etc

	Bibliography and Citations: It is imperative that whenever you make reference to a fact of some sort, you cite an authoritative source for that fact; most frequently, these sources will be scientific articles. 
